Document LCP and INP subparts breakdown for Browser RUM (#36286)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/browser/optimizing_performance/_index.md

Available vitals include:

- **[Loading Time (LT)][2]**: Datadog's custom KPI that measures the time for a page to load from a user's perspective.

> - **[Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)][8]**: Measures how quickly the largest visual element on your page loads, which is a critical factor in both user experience and SEO rankings. A slow LCP can frustrate users, increase bounce rates, and hurt search visibility. The Optimization page breaks LCP down into subparts (TTFB, resource load delay, resource load time, render delay) so you can pinpoint which phase contributes most to the overall metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)][8]**: Measures how quickly the largest visual element on your page loads, which is a critical factor in both user experience and SEO rankings. A slow LCP can frustrate users, increase bounce rates, and hurt search visibility. The Optimization page breaks LCP down into subparts (Time to First Byte (TTFB), resource load delay, resource load time, render delay) so you can pinpoint which phase contributes most to the overall metric.
```

Author: Applied, thanks!

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/browser/optimizing_performance/vitals-visualize.png" alt="Select different elements to preview and visualize the user's experience." style="width:100%;" >}}

> For Largest Contentful Paint and Interaction to Next Paint, the Optimization page also displays a breakdown of the metric into its individual phases. Use the breakdown to identify which phase contributes most to the overall metric and direct optimization work to the relevant phase. For details on what each subpart represents, see [Diagnose Core Web Vitals with subparts][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Largest Contentful Paint and Interaction to Next Paint, the Optimization page also displays a breakdown of the metric into its individual phases. Use the breakdown to identify which phase contributes most to the overall metric and direct optimization work to the relevant phase. For details on each subpart, see [Diagnose Core Web Vitals with subparts][14].
```

Author: Applied, thanks!

> For Largest Contentful Paint and Interaction to Next Paint, the Optimization page also displays a subparts breakdown that decomposes the metric into its constituent phases. Use the breakdown to identify which phase contributes most to the overall metric and direct optimization work to the relevant phase. For details on what each subpart represents, see [Diagnose Core Web Vitals with subparts][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Largest Contentful Paint and Interaction to Next Paint, the Optimization page also displays a breakdown of the metric into its individual phases. Use the breakdown to identify which phase contributes most to the overall metric and direct optimization work to the relevant phase. For details on what each subpart represents, see [Diagnose Core Web Vitals with subparts][14].
```

Author: Applied, thanks!
